what's up everybody do another video
again and basically this videos about
how to enhance your curls and uh
basically what I'll be doing is I'll be
don't understand you guys what I did
when I first started this whole 360
waiting and uh how to enhance your curls
you know if you don't got curls you're
not gonna get 360 waves all right I'm
gonna let you know I know some people
can do it but I mean you're not gonna
have waited like circles or young wage
or know them people alright now first
thing I need is um S Curl no drip and uh
curl enhancing smoothie alright you got
you got you guys all know what this
product is only had to say it all
right now
call me or brush I use a softer brush
because I kept on my medium brush but I
recommended me embrace you lay your hair
down and these precious men there is
I recommend you guys go get one I
know what I do is I to get out the
shower right now you guys can see here
is thick right now man I'm going to look
crazy right now okay but I'm like
chilling whooping and uh I'm gonna have
some come out I'm out my thumb I look
like I haven't got a haircut in years
when I look like a homeless guy I look
like a wolf oh man alright ESCO trip get
a little get a couple sprays alright no
rope around on your hands for a little
bit rubber on your hands okay sick and
basically what you want to do is rub it
all on your in your head okay just like
that
oh and all in my hair dude
oh you man my hair is big right now okay
well basically what you know rub it all
all on your hands like that alright
all right now what I got that I do this
is all even in my I'll leave my hair
like this for about ten minutes okay and
all the light I'll go to my room
I'll play some Call of Duty or I'll just
stay in my room from all ten minutes
until this so my hair dries up too like
damn that way I can still put in the
crown hand smoothie for the moisture
okay now if we're all time tape I'm
gonna let it back down okay now what you
want to do is get some chronic smoothie
Oh a little bit that's how much I use
all right spit on your hands and just
look like this where eyes a little bit
down little by little I'm where you're
getting a product in your head - all
right and my damn put too much but you
guys get the point right and then wash
my hands real quick because I can't
touch like that this is a
habit all right get that then I'll use a
brush to lay it down first get it I'll
get the product on my hair okay
anyways I hope you guys try out this
little method that I use and leaving
them to take guys using all this stuff
it's not going to get you 360 waves
which is what's going to get you 360
waves is this okay and you can put all
the products you want in your hair if
you ain't brushing you're not gonna get
nothing alright so I hope this helps oh
I hope this will help you out and I'm
about to put my suit reg on lay my hair
down and uh yeah man give me some
feedback that works for you and yeah
that's all I gotta say